# 4/17/2018 Email

Hey team,

I thought of two things we might want to add, in terms of “goals” for the project, or at least have these added in under “user perspective”. You might need to rein me in here, if I am letting the scope get out of control.

\(1\)	Design the model & analysis in such a way that it can be translated for use by other communities. Changing the way we look at this stuff in Raleigh would be great. But if we can create something that can be easily adapted for use by other cities, being a part of change on that kind of scale would be awesome.

If you mean by sharing our tools, I can envision this as possible and see it as being an extension of our goal to have this model runnable by planners in-house. I think coupling well written documentation with a GIS package that accepts user inputs and is configurable \(i.e. “please input your park access points”, ”please assign weight for X”\) will serve this goal. I would think this to be one of the last goals in terms of time-line? Our “product” could look something like: \[A custom ArcMap tool that can be downloaded\], \[A template web application for ArcGIS Online\], \[Documentation to tie everything together\]. 

If you mean by creating a “logic template” that does not discriminate by location or at least accounts for variance between cities,  I think we would need to identify what factors that are tied to the analysis make Raleigh or other cities unique \(i.e. big chunks of state parks in my city are not being accounted for by this, my city’s walkability is bull spit, etc.\) After identifying these factors, we could assess if they could be weighted or add them in as optional parameters to the model. At the very least, in identifying these variabilities we will definitely answer/document why decisions were made in the context of Raleigh which is one of our objectives. Then other cities can ask the same questions for themselves as they decide what applies to them.  

\(2\)	We are going to apply for the NRPA/TPL/ULI’s 10-Minute Walk Campaign grant later this year. I believe the next grant application window will open in September. We missed the deadline to apply for the first round this past March, unfortunately. This is a great national program that I think should inform a lot of the work that we do. I don’t want us to necessarily tailor our analysis around their standards, but I do want us to be prepared with documentation/narrative to support our application later this year. This may be outside of the scope of the EBPA project, strictly speaking, and more closely impacted by the Neighborhood & Community Connections work \(which I see as a subset/special application of the EBPA project\), but it is something important that I want us all to be mindful of as we develop this project.

Something that comes to mind – if we have our distance set as a configurable input, we can set it to 0.5mi \(ten minute walk\). Looks like ParkScore sorta looks at this but not sure if access points are used– “ParkScore® awards each city points for access based on the percentage of the population living within a ten-minute \(half-mile\) walk of a public park. The 10-minute walk is defined as entirely within the public road network and uninterrupted by physical barriers such as highways, train tracks, and rivers.” Definitely not familiar with how these type of grants work but I would imagine our project would certainly support this effort in that it would demonstrate our needs-locations and works in favor of their eligibilities \(a clear interest and commitment, project management, etc.\)

Sorry I have to miss the meeting tomorrow. Looking forward to seeing what you all come up with.



